doc/Envs.md, before:

The following environment variables are recognized by the main executable:

`JDWP_LISTEN=<port>` - if set, art will listen for a jdb connection at `<port>`  
`RUN_FROM_BUILDDIR=` - if set, will search for `api-impl.jar` and `libtranslation_layer.so` in current working directory (may need `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=.` as well for `libandroid.so.0`)  
`ANDROID_APP_DATA_DIR=<path>` - if set, overrides the default path of `~/.local/android_translation_layer` for storing app data  
`ATL_DISABLE_WINDOW_DECORATIONS=` - if set, window decorations will be disabled; 
this is useful for saving screen space on phone screens, as well as working around the fact that we currently don't account for the titlebar when passing screen size to apps  
`ATL_UGLY_ENABLE_LOCATION=` - if set, apps will be able to get location data using the relevant android APIs. (TODO: use bubblewrap)  
`UGLY_HACK_FOR_VR` - if set, EGL will use XWayland display on Wayland. This means the app won't be able to draw to it's window, but it will be able to use pbuffers which are not available on wayland.

Commit message:

main: add ATL_FORCE_FULLSCREEN env

doc/Envs.md, after:

The following environment variables are recognized by the main executable:

`JDWP_LISTEN=<port>` - if set, art will listen for a jdb connection at `<port>`  
`RUN_FROM_BUILDDIR=` - if set, will search for `api-impl.jar` and `libtranslation_layer.so` in current working directory (may need `LD_LIBRARY_PATH=.` as well for `libandroid.so.0`)  
`ANDROID_APP_DATA_DIR=<path>` - if set, overrides the default path of `~/.local/android_translation_layer` for storing app data  
`ATL_DISABLE_WINDOW_DECORATIONS=` - if set, window decorations will be disabled; 
this is useful for saving screen space on phone screens, as well as working around the fact that we currently don't account for the titlebar when passing screen size to apps  
`ATL_UGLY_ENABLE_LOCATION=` - if set, apps will be able to get location data using the relevant android APIs. (TODO: use bubblewrap)  
`UGLY_HACK_FOR_VR` - if set, EGL will use XWayland display on Wayland. This means the app won't be able to draw to it's window, but it will be able to use pbuffers which are not available on wayland. (TODO: just recommend GDK_BACKEND=x11 if pbuffers are needed?)  
`ATL_FORCE_FULLSCREEN` - if set, will fullscreen the app window on start; this is useful for saving screen space on phone screens, as well as making apps that can't handle arbitrary screen dimensions for some reason happier
